<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [TidyTree][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [setTree][3]
        -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [draw][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [redraw][7]
    -   [recenter][8]
    -   [setLayout][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [setMode][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [setType][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [setAnimation][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]
    -   [setLeafNodes][17]
        -   [Parameters][18]
    -   [setLeafLabels][19]
        -   [Parameters][20]
    -   [setBranchNodes][21]
        -   [Parameters][22]
    -   [setBranchLabels][23]
        -   [Parameters][24]
    -   [setBranchDistances][25]
        -   [Parameters][26]
    -   [setBranchDistanceSize][27]
        -   [Parameters][28]
    -   [validLayouts][29]
    -   [validTypes][30]
    -   [validModes][31]

## TidyTree

This class function creates a TidyTree object.

### Parameters

-   `data`  
-   `options` **[object][32]** A Javascript object containing options to set up the tree
-   `newick` **[string][33]** A valid newick string

### setTree

Update the TidyTree's underlying data structure
There are two contexts in which you should call this:
	1\. You wish to replace the tree with a completely different tree, given by a different newick string
	2\. Your underlying tree data has changed (e.g. the tree has been re-rooted)

#### Parameters

-   `newick` **[string][33]** A valid newick string

Returns **[object][32]** the TidyTree object

### draw

Draws a Phylogenetic on the element referred to by selector

#### Parameters

-   `selector` **[string][33]** A CSS selector

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree object

### redraw

Redraws the links and relocates the nodes accordingly

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** The TidyTree Object

### recenter

Recenters the tree in the center of the view

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** The TidyTree object

### setLayout

Set the TidyTree's layout

#### Parameters

-   `newLayout` **[string][33]** The new layout

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** The TidyTree Object

### setMode

Set the TidyTree's mode

#### Parameters

-   `newMode` **[string][33]** The new mode

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** The TidyTree object

### setType

Set the TidyTree's type

#### Parameters

-   `newType` **[boolean][35]** The new type

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree object

### setAnimation

Set the TidyTree's animation
Note that this does not trigger a redraw.

#### Parameters

-   `speed` **[number][36]** The desired duration of an animation, in ms. Set to 0 to turn animations off completely.

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree object

### setLeafNodes

[description]

#### Parameters

-   `show` **\[type]** [description]

Returns **\[type]** [description]

### setLeafLabels

Set the TidyTree's leafLabels

#### Parameters

-   `show` **[boolean][35]** Should the TidyTree show leafLabels?

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree Object

### setBranchNodes

[description]

#### Parameters

-   `show` **\[type]** [description]

Returns **\[type]** [description]

### setBranchLabels

Set the TidyTree's branchLabels

#### Parameters

-   `show` **[boolean][35]** Should the TidyTree show branchLabels?

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree Object

### setBranchDistances

Set the TidyTree's branchLabels

#### Parameters

-   `show` **[boolean][35]** Should the TidyTree show branchLabels?

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree Object

### setBranchDistanceSize

Set the TidyTree's branchLabels

#### Parameters

-   `size`  
-   `show` **[boolean][35]** Should the TidyTree show branchLabels?

Returns **[TidyTree][34]** the TidyTree Object

### validLayouts

The available layouts for rendering trees.

Type: [Array][37]

### validTypes

The available types for rendering branches.

Type: [Array][37]

### validModes

The available modes for rendering branches.

Type: [Array][37]

[1]: #tidytree

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #settree

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #draw

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #redraw

[8]: #recenter

[9]: #setlayout

[10]: #parameters-3

[11]: #setmode

[12]: #parameters-4

[13]: #settype

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #setanimation

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #setleafnodes

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #setleaflabels

[20]: #parameters-8

[21]: #setbranchnodes

[22]: #parameters-9

[23]: #setbranchlabels

[24]: #parameters-10

[25]: #setbranchdistances

[26]: #parameters-11

[27]: #setbranchdistancesize

[28]: #parameters-12

[29]: #validlayouts

[30]: #validtypes

[31]: #validmodes

[32]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[34]: #tidytree

[35]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[36]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[37]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
